Helm chart for the MatterMost plugin (#496)
gravitational/teleport-plugins: charts/access/mattermost/README.md

# Teleport Access Request Mattermost Plugin

This chart sets up and configures a Deployment for the Access Request Mattermost plugin.

## Settings

The following values can be set for the Helm chart:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Type</th>
    <th>Default</th>
    <th>Required</th>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td><code>teleport.address</code></td>
    <td>Host/port combination of the teleport auth server</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td><code>""</code></td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>teleport.identitySecretName</code></td>
    <td>Name of the Kubernetes secret that contains the credentials for the connection</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td><code>""</code></td>

>   </tr>

Reviewer: This row and all below are missing a <td>for the final "Required" column.

  <tr>
    <td><code>teleport.identitySecretPath</code></td>
    <td>Key of the field in the secret specified by <code>teleport.identitySecretName</code></td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td><code>"auth_id"</code></td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td><code>mattermost.url</code></td>
    <td>URL of the Mattermost server</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td><code>""</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>mattermost.token</code></td>
    <td>Token to be used to authenticate with Mattermost</td>
    <td>string</td>
    <td><code>""</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>mattermost.recipients</code></td>

>     <td>Array of the recipients the plugin should send emails.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>Array of the recipients the plugin should send access requests to.</td>
```
